Remove duplication in docs (#77)
canonical/chip-tool-snap: README.md

Reviewer: Add connection command need to stay for installation of an unsigned snap.

This snap has been tested on amd64/arm64 architectures for WiFi/Ethernet/DNS-SD/BLE/Thread commissioning and control.

Usage instructions can be found in the [documentation](https://canonical-matter.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/how-to/chip-tool-commission-and-control/).

## Development

### Build the snap

Build locally for the same architecture as the host:

```bash
snapcraft -v
```

Build remotely for all supported architectures:

```bash
snapcraft remote-build
```

### Install the built snap

Install the local snap:

```bash
sudo snap install --dangerous *.snap
```

### Connect interfaces

When the snap is installed from the Snap Store, the `avahi-observer` and `bluez` interfaces are connected automatically.

> If you install the snap from a local file, like when you built it yourself, you need to connect these interfaces manually:

Reviewer: You can download the snap from the store and install it from the local file. Once you acknowledge the assertion, snap can be installed without using dangerous mode and the interfaces auto connect:
```console
$ snap download chip-tool
Fetching snap "chip-tool"
Fetching assertions for "chip-tool"
Install the snap with:
   snap ack chip-tool_96.assert
   snap install chip-tool_96.snap

$ snap ack chip-tool_96.assert 

$ sudo snap install ./chip-tool_96.snap 
chip-tool v1.3.0.0+snap from Canonical IoT Labs installed

$ snap connections chip-tool
Interface        Plug                       Slot            Notes
avahi-observe    chip-tool:avahi-observe    :avahi-observe  -
bluez            chip-tool:bluez            :bluez          -
network          chip-tool:network          :network        -
network-bind     chip-tool:network-bind     :network-bind   -
process-control  chip-tool:process-control  -               -
```

So: 
```suggestion
If you install the locally built snap, you need to connect these interfaces manually:
```

```bash
sudo snap connect chip-tool:avahi-observe
sudo snap connect chip-tool:bluez
```

On **Ubuntu Core**, the `avahi-observe` and `bluez` interfaces are not provided by the system.
These interfaces are provided by the [Avahi](https://snapcraft.io/avahi) and [BlueZ](https://snapcraft.io/bluez) snaps.
To install the snaps and connect the interfaces, run:

```bash
sudo snap install avahi bluez
sudo snap connect chip-tool:avahi-observe avahi:avahi-observe

> sudo snap connect chip-tool:bluez bluez:service

Reviewer: The UC related instructions can also be removed as exist on the documentation (and in in better shape).

Reviewer: Ignore this. This is more about the different manual connection comments.

Author: A little unsure about this. Looking at the docs https://canonical-matter.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/how-to/chip-tool-commission-and-control/ it just says to install the avahi and bluez snaps, but not the commands to connect the interfaces.
